In this video, we're going to see how to work with the video tag, and you'll see that it's very similar to the audio tag.
Here I've already downloaded a copyright-free video, and here in SRC we'll put the path.
It will be embedded content, assets, video, crotch de band.
We save, and if we look at this, we have the same issue we had initially with audio.
We can't play, change the volume, or anything like that.
For this, we need the controls attribute, just like with audio.
And this way, you see that a video player appears, more familiar to what we're used to.
I'm going to do something here, which isn't part of the course, but it's just the same as with images
to prevent it from overflowing.
So we'll say max-width 100%, and this way we have the video without any scrolling.
I'll also remove this to have a bit more space.
And the controls we have, or rather the attributes, are practically the same.
We can set autoplay, and the video would start like this.
We also have the muted attribute, although this particular video has no audio.
But we could add it, and the video would appear muted if it had audio.
I'll leave it here so you know that this attribute is available.
In fact, if you see here with that attribute, the speaker icon is crossed out.
We also have the loop attribute, which I didn't mention with audio but is also available for audio.
It allows the video to start over from the beginning once it finishes.
This is also something that Instagram has so that the video, once it finishes, starts again from the beginning.
And lastly, an attribute that audio doesn't have for reasons you'll see now—I'll remove autoplay.
It's the poster attribute. This allows you to set what our initial image will be.
It would be like the thumbnail if we were talking about YouTube.
Here we can put embedded content, assets, image, and for example, cover.jpg.
We save. As you see, this appears as the poster, and once we press play, the video starts from the first frame.
So with poster, you can control what will be displayed before the video plays.
If we set autoplay, which is why I removed it, you don't really get to see the image well.
As you see here, it appears for half a second and then the video starts playing.
So that's what I wanted to share with you about the video tag.
And in the next one, we'll talk about iframes, which you may never need to write yourself,
but it will be useful to learn how to insert content into your website from external sites.
Be it YouTube, Instagram, Spotify, or hundreds of sites that allow us to take an iframe and embed it in our website.
But I'll tell you more about that in the next video.
I hope you're enjoying this new HTML5 course, and if you have any questions or queries,
there’s a link in the description to the Discord community where there are over 600 people,
and we're all willing to lend a hand if needed.
Also, every Friday I'm on Twitch at 10 p.m. Spanish time,
and I also answer questions and do practical exercises that I think can help the community take their first steps in web development.
So if you like this content and want to stay up to date, I encourage you to subscribe to the channel, it's completely free.
See you in the next one.
Greetings and goodbye.